We will use this document for sprints so it is contained within the project.

04.10.18 Sprint:   COMPLETED
1.	Modify the Entity Model so that we can make edits without having to do it via bash or shell commands.
2.	Need help with polling the tickprice when a buy order only is placed.  What could happen is we have a BUY TO OPEN order placed at say $49.50.
	poll the tick price to determine if the stock is running up.  If it is we need to know pnce it crosses the opening price plus the index.width 
	in this case it would be $0.25 or $49.75.  Once that occurs we need to modify the BUY TO OPEN order up by the index.width (twenty-five cents).
	This action would trail the run up until such time as that BUY TO OPEN order is filled.
3.	Need help thinking through the logic of a gap down or gap up and determine if the code handles that.  If there is a gap up we should fill 
	any SELL TO CLOSE orders whereby the opening Gap Up in price would be above.  If the stock gaps down we would have the existing BUY TO OPEN 
	order filled but not anything new opened lower than that.  NOTE: This happens at the market open for 99.9% of the time.

Targeted Spring Completion:  Wednesday April 12, 2018.

04.10.18 Sprint:
1. 	In order to check if an order has filled when the app is not running we need code that will check the open orders in the database against the open orders in TWS.
	We need to think though when to execute this code as it has implications on additional orders sent.  That can be done later we do need the code to execute this though.
	
	Finished today 3 - 4 hours

2. 	In the database there is the old ASP.net Membership database established for user authentication and membership.  Enrollment will occur via the website so no need to 
	build that within the winforms app.  
	- 	Build a small logon form that allows the user to enter their userid (which is in some cases an email address - not all so no need to validate the filed for email only)
		and password and click login.  
	- 	Credentials to be validated
		-	Need to add a field in the users table to indicate subscription is active (we will build that module in the web app later using stripe) for now set them all to true
		-	Validate Userid & Password and Subscription active in the database and close the login form and display the main.
		If credentials are not validated - display an error message 
			- 	Error message options: 
				-	If userid or password do not match:  "User Id or Password are not recognized."
					Display a link that would open a browser window and route the site - I do not have the change password page built yet so just route to the following:
					www.optionwaves.com
				- 	If the subscription is not active: "User subscription not active."
					Display a link to the same web address.  We will complete that once we do the sprint with the stripe payment and user settings stuff on the web.
					
		If credentials are validated 
			- 	close the login form 
			- 	save the userid into a global variable 
			-	Display the main form.
			
			
			
			Finished by Friday


	Anything else I am missing on the logon section we can discuss in the morning US time.
